An 83-year-old man comes to the physician because of a 2-day history of constant severe pain of his right knee.
He had a similar episode 1 year ago that subsided in 1 month without treatment. His temperature is 37.7 C (99.9 F).
Examination of the right knee shows swelling; there is no overlying warmth or apparent deformity.
Palpation and movement of the right knee produce pain; range of motion is limited by pain.
An x-ray of the right knee shows large subchondral cysts and linear meniscal calcifications.
Examination of fluid obtained on joint aspiration of the knee shows
His pain is moderately improved after the joint aspiration and injection of corticosteroids.
Treatment with ibuprofen during the next week significantly improves his condition.
Histologic examination of the joint fluid aspirate is most likely to show which of the following types of crystals?

A 16-year-old boy comes to the physician because of a rash on his left inner thigh that first appeared 2 days after he returned from a hunting trip with friends in Minnesota.
A photograph of the rash is shown. Without treatment, this patient is at increased risk for which of the following?

A previously healthy 24-year-old woman comes to the emergency department because of fever and diarrhea for the past 5 days.
She has more than 10 bowel movements daily, accompanied by abdominal cramping and the passage of mucus and blood clots.
She has not traveled out of the United States. Tympanic temperature is 39 C (102.2 F). Bowel sounds are increased.
Test of stool for occult blood is positive. Which of the following is the most likely causal organism?

An 84-year-old woman who resides in an assisted living facility is brought to the emergency department because of fever and cough for 1 week.
The cough has been productive of foul-smelling, yellow-green sputum for 24 hours.
She has a 2-year history of dementia, Alzheimer type.
Her temperature is 38.5 C (101.3 F), pulse is 80/min, respirations are 20/min, and blood pressure is 116/66 mm Hg.
Coarse inspiratory crackles are heard over the right lung field.
Laboratory studies show a leukocyte count of 13,500/mm3 (72% segmented neutrophils, 8% bands, 1% eosinophils, 16% lymphocytes, and 3% monocytes).
A CT scan shows a cavitary lesion in the superior segment of the right lower lobe.
The lesion has a thick wall and an irregular peripheral margin;
there is no displacement of the adjacent bronchovascular bundle.
Which of the following is the most likely cause of the lung lesion in this patient?

A 55-year-old man comes to the physician because of a 2-week history of recurrent, widespread blister formation.
Physical examination shows lesions that are most numerous in the flexural areas including the axillae and groin.
The blisters do not break easily, and there are no oral lesions.
These blisters are most likely the result of adhesion failure involving which of the following?

A 59-year-old man is brought to the emergency department because of a 4-day history of nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea.
He also has been confused and agitated during this period.
He has a history of mild hypertension. His current medication is a diuretic.
His temperature is 37 C (98.6 F), pulse is 108/min, respirations are 26/min, and blood pressure is 70/47 mm Hg.
Physical examination shows delayed capillary refill of the lips and nail beds and cool extremities.
His oxyhemoglobin saturation in a central vein is 60% (N=70#75).
These findings are most consistent with which of the following types of shock?

A 7-month-old infant is brought to the physician's office because of poor weight gain despite large food intake.
He has had two episodes of pneumonia and has frequent bulky stools. He coughs frequently.
X-rays of the lungs show increased markings and hyperinflation.
Trypsin is absent in a fresh stool sample, and the fat content is increased.
Which of the following is the most likely cause of this infant's disorder?

A 65-year-old man is brought to the emergency department 30 minutes after the onset of acute chest pain at rest that radiates to his left arm.
His pulse is 110/min, respirations are 20/min, and blood pressure is 150/80 mm Hg. Physical examination shows diaphoresis.
The lungs are clear to auscultation of the chest.
An ECG shows a new left bundle branch block.
The tentative diagnosis of acute coronary syndrome is made.
Treatment with oxygen via nasal cannula, oral aspirin, and sublingual nitroglycerin, followed by an intravenous dose of a @-adrenergic blocker, is begun.
Which of the following sets of changes is most likely to occur in this patient after the intravenous dose?

A 55-year-old woman with small cell carcinoma of the lung is admitted to the hospital to undergo chemotherapy.
Six days after treatment is started, she develops a temperature of 38 C (100.4 F).
Physical examination shows no other abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show a leukocyte count of 100/mm3 (5% segmented neutrophils and 95% lymphocytes).
Which of the following is the most appropriate pharmacotherapy to increase this patient's leukocyte count?

A technician wants to determine whether cytomegalovirus (CMV) DNA is present in the blood of a bone marrow transplant recipient.
DNA purified from the leukocytes of the patient is reacted in a mixture containing oligonucleotides specific for CMV DNA, thermostable DNA polymerase, and nucleotides.
Repetitive cycles of heating and cooling are performed, and the reaction product is detected by gel electrophoresis.
The technician most likely used which of the following laboratory procedures on this patient's blood?

Over 1 year, a study is conducted to assess the antileukemic activity of a new tyrosine kinase inhibitor in patients with chronic myeloid leukemia in blast crisis.
All patients enrolled in the study are informed that they would be treated with the tyrosine kinase inhibitor.
They are assigned to successive dose cohorts of 300 to 1000 mg/day of the drug.
Six to eight patients are assigned to each dose.
Treatment efficacy is determined based on the results of complete blood counts and bone marrow assessments conducted regularly throughout the study.
This study is best described as which of the following?

A 12-year-old boy is brought to the physician by his mother because of a 1-month history of pain below the left knee.
His mother says, "He can usually walk around, but he hasn't been able to play in any of his soccer games since this all began."
Examination of the left knee shows warmth, swelling, and tenderness.
An x-ray of the knee is shown.
Which of the following structures is attached to the abnormal anterior tibial area?

A 45-year-old man comes to the physician for HIV testing.
He says that he has been having an extramarital affair with a woman for 6 months, and he hopes this affair will continue because it has made him very happy.
He has no plans to tell his wife about the affair. The wife is also a patient of the physician.
Physical examination shows no abnormalities, and the result of a serum HIV antibody test is negative.
Which of the following is the most appropriate action by the physician?

A 63-year-old homeless man is brought to the emergency department 1 hour after police found him unresponsive.
His respirations are 30/min. Crackles are heard over the left upper and the entire right lung fields.
Despite appropriate lifesaving measures, he dies.
A photomicrograph of a section of the right lung obtained at autopsy is shown.
Which of the following mediators is the most likely cause of the position of the cell indicated by the arrow?

A 63-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 2-week history of fatigue, malaise, nausea and vomiting, and decreased appetite;
these symptoms have worsened during the past week.
She was diagnosed with tuberculosis 3 months ago;
a multidrug regimen was initiated at that time. Her temperature is 37.1 C (98.8 F).
Physical examination shows scleral icterus and tenderness over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen;
there is no hepatomegaly. Serum studies show a total bilirubin concentration of 6.5 mg/dL, AST activity of 580 U/L, and ALT activity of 650 U/L.
Which of the following drugs is the most likely cause of these findings?

A 48-year-old woman comes to the emergency department because of shortness of breath.
She has no history of cardiac or pulmonary disease.
Her current medication is timolol for glaucoma.
Her pulse is 75/min. Diffuse wheezing is heard in the lower lung fields.
An ECG shows no abnormalities.
In addition to discontinuing timolol, which of the following drugs is the most appropriate treatment to relieve symptoms at this time?

A 55-year-old man is brought to the emergency department because of shortness of breath and confusion for 4 hours.
He has hypertension and chronic kidney disease requiring hemodialysis. An ECG shows low voltage with electrical alternans.
Physical examination is most likely to show which of the following findings?

A healthy 28-year-old woman comes to the physician for advice on losing weight.
She is 150 cm (4 ft 11 in) tall and weighs 56 kg (124 lb); BMI is 25 kg/m2.
Physical examination shows no other abnormalities.
The physician recommends a diet that will restrict her daily intake by 500 kilocalories.
Which of the following processes is most likely to increase in this patient as a result of following this diet?