Imaging studies show bilateral hydroureter and hydronephrosis and foci of calcification in the region of the bladder. A biopsy specimen of the bladder shows marked chronic inflammation with fibrosis and scattered granulomas. Which of the following best explains the biopsy findings?
A 2-day-old male newborn delivered at term develops mild jaundice and scleral icterus. Pregnancy and delivery were uncomplicated. His vital signs are within normal limits. Physical examination shows no other abnormalities. This patient most likely has an excess amount of which of the following in his blood?
A 29-year-old man is brought to the physician for removal of a cast from his left leg. He sustained a fracture of the left lower extremity 6 weeks ago and was immobilized in a cast that extended from just below the knee to the foot. At the time of injury, there was severe pain but normal strength in the extremity. When the cast is removed today, physical examination shows a pronounced left footdrop with paresthesia and sensory loss over the dorsum of the left foot and lateral leg. Injury to which of the following nerves is the most likely cause of this patient's condition?
A 16-year-old boy is admitted to the emergency department because of a knife wound to the left side of his chest. An x-ray of the chest shows an air-fluid level in the left side of the chest, partial collapse of the left lung, and elevation of the stomach bubble. The mediastinum is in the midline. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
A 56-year-old man comes to the emergency department because of a 4-day history of colicky right flank pain that radiates to the groin and hematuria. Ultrasound examination of the kidneys shows right-sided hydronephrosis and a dilated ureter.
Which of the following is most likely to be found on urinalysis?
A 17-year-old girl has never had a menstrual period. Physical examination shows a normal female body habitus, normal breast development, and normal appearing external genitalia. She has no axillary or pubic hair. The patient refuses to have a pelvic or rectal examination. Which of the following is the most likely explanation for the clinical presentation?
A 52-year-old man with recently diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus comes to the physician for a follow-up examination. Physical examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory studies show an increased hemoglobin A1c despite patient compliance with diet and exercise recommendations. Treatment with a sulfonylurea is started. Which of the following is most likely to occur in this patient?
A 2-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department because of shortness of breath and left-sided abdominal pain for 3 hours. He appears pale. Physical examination shows hypotension and tachycardia. There is splenomegaly with the spleen tip palpated 8 cm below the left costal margin. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin Hematocrit Leukocyte count Platelet count
A photomicrograph of a Wright-stained peripheral blood smear is shown. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's current condition?
A 42-year-old woman comes to the physician for a routine examination. She says that she has felt well except for occasional episodes of constipation, abdominal discomfort, and mild fatigue. She was treated for a renal calculus 10 years ago and was told she had a "lazy gallbladder." Her pulse is 82/min, and blood pressure is 150/80 mm Hg. Physical examination shows no other abnormalities. Laboratory studies show:
 Erythrocyte count
The most likely cause of this patient's condition is a small, well-defined nodule in which of the following locations?
A 24-year-old woman comes to the physician for a follow-up examination. One week ago, she was treated in the emergency department after she accidentally spilled hot grease on her left leg while working at a fast-food restaurant. Examination of the left lower extremity shows a 7-cm, pink, soft, granular, edematous wound. The formation of this tissue was most likely caused by increased activity of which of the following?
A 37-year-old woman with right lower extremity edema is evaluated because of the sudden onset of shortness of breath and pleuritic chest pain. A diagnosis of pulmonary embolism is made. Which of the following signs, if present on physical examination, would be the most specific indicator of pulmonary arterial hypertension in this patient?
Vascular control is studied in an intact hind extremity of an anesthetized experimental animal. After a normal control period, the blood flow to the extremity is completely occluded for 1 minute. When the occlusion is released, blood flow increases abruptly and exceeds the control value for several minutes (reactive hyperemia). After an appropriate recovery period, the procedure is repeated and the extremity is actively exercised during the occlusion period. Which of the following best describes the reactive hyperemia after the second occlusion compared with that after the first occlusion?
A 72-year-old man collapses while playing golf. He has a 5-year history of angina and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Paramedics arrive in 10 minutes. Examination shows no respirations or blood pressure; an ECG shows asystole. Cardiopulmonary resuscitation is attempted for 10 minutes without success. Which of the following is the most likely cause of death in this patient?
A previously healthy 3-month-old boy is brought to the physician because of a runny nose and a dry cough for 2 days. Physical examination shows tachypnea, a nasal discharge, and wheezing. An x-ray of the chest shows hyperexpansion but no infiltrates. The causal virus was most likely transmitted by which of the following routes?
An 18-year-old man is brought to the emergency department 30 minutes after sustaining a closed head injury in a motor vehicle collision. Twenty-four hours later, he is noted to be excreting large amounts of urine with an osmolality of 100 mOsmol/kg. His serum sodium concentration is 154 mEq/L. Which of the following portions of the kidney is the most likely site of the excessive loss of fluid in this patient?
A 46-year-old woman receives a non#T-lymphocyte-depleted, allogeneic bone marrow transplant from a matched, unrelated donor. Immunosuppressive therapy with cyclosporine is started. One month later, she has fever. Cytolytic destruction of the skin, gastrointestinal tract, and liver is seen, with associated dermatitis, enteritis, and hepatitis. Which of the following best
explains
A 33-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 2-day history of mild nausea, increased urinary urgency and frequency, and constipation. She also has had a 4.5-kg (10-lb) weight loss during the past 2 weeks and a 3-week history of vaginal bleeding. Pelvic examination shows a nodular cervix with an irregular, friable posterior lip, and a rock-hard, irregular, immobile pelvic mass that extends across the pelvis. Examination of biopsy specimens from the cervix and anterior wall of the vagina show well-differentiated keratinizing squamous cell carcinoma. Which of the following best describes the pathogenesis of this patient's disease?
A 5-year-old girl is brought to the physician by her father because of a 6-week history of an increasingly severe itchy rash confined to the crease of the elbows and the back of the knees. She has had intermittent episodes of a similar rash since infancy. Examination of the rash shows erythematous papules and vesicles overlying an erythematous base. Dermal scrapings are negative for fungi and ectoparasites. After a short course of a potent topical corticosteroid, treatment with pimecrolimus
cream is