A 40-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 6-month history of increased facial hair growth. Her last menstrual period was 4 months ago. She is 165 cm (5 ft 5 in) tall and weighs 70 kg (154 lb); BMI is 26 kg/m2. Her pulse is 80/min, and blood pressure is 130/82 mm Hg. Physical examination shows temporal balding and coarse dark hair on the upper lip and chin. Pelvic examination shows clitoral enlargement. Her serum testosterone concentration is increased. Serum concentrations of androstenedione, dehydroepiandrosterone, and urinary 17-ketosteroids are within the reference ranges. Ultrasonography of the pelvis shows a 12-cm ovarian mass. Which of the following best describes this mass?
A 35-year-old man who recently immigrated to the USA from Mexico comes to the physician because of a 6-month history of lesions on his face and chest. He has a history of asthma and atopic dermatitis. Physical examination shows the findings in the photograph. Which of the following cytokines is most likely to be increased in these lesions?
A 45-year-old woman with systemic sclerosis (scleroderma) comes to the physician because of a 3-week history of progressive shortness of breath and nonproductive cough. Her temperature is 36.9&C (98.4&F), pulse is 82/min, respirations are 20/min, and blood pressure is 136/85 mm Hg. Crackles are heard in both lower lung fields. Pulmonary function tests show total lung capacity is 80% of predicted, and diffusing capacity for carbon monoxide, corrected for alveolar volume, is 65% of predicted. Histologic examination of a lung biopsy specimen is most likely to show which of the following findings?
A 52-year-old man comes to the emergency department because he has had vomiting, nausea, and abdominal pain for the past 12 hours. He says he attempted suicide 3 days ago by "taking everything in the medicine cabinet." He was stuporous for approximately 12 hours after the overdose but felt better the following day. At this time, he has jaundice and pain in the right upper quadrant. Which of the following drugs is most likely to have caused the pain, vomiting, and jaundice?
In a cohort study of elderly women, the relative risk ratio for hip fractures among those who exercise regularly is 1.2 (95% confidence interval of 1.1 to 1.8). Which of the following is the most appropriate conclusion about the effect of regular exercise on the risk for hip fracture?
A study is designed to evaluate the feasibility of acupuncture in children with chronic headaches. Sixty children with chronic headaches are recruited for the study. In addition to their usual therapy, all children are treated with acupuncture three times a week for 2 months. Which of the following best describes this study design?
A 52-year-old woman is admitted to the hospital because of breast cancer metastatic to the liver. Her prognosis is poor. She begs her husband to stay with her at the hospital because she is afraid to be left alone. Which of the following defense mechanisms best explains her behavior?
A 42-year-old man comes to the physician for a follow-up examination 1 week after he passed a renal calculus. X-ray crystallographic analysis of the calculus showed calcium as the primary cation. Physical examination today shows no abnormalities. A 24-hour collection of urine shows increased calcium excretion. Which of the following is the most appropriate pharmacotherapy?
A 67-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department 30 minutes after she had a generalized tonic-clonic seizure. Her family says that she seemed mildly confused before her eyes rolled backward and she had the onset of uncontrollable jerking movements of her arms and legs and loss of consciousness. During the seizure, she passed urine and bit her tongue. At the scene, her vital signs were within normal limits. She has a 6-month history of a 7-kg (15-lb) weight loss despite no changes in appetite. She received the diagnosis of small cell carcinoma of the lung last week and has not begun treatment. She has hypertension well controlled with lisinopril. On arrival, she is awake but does not respond to verbal stimuli. She is not in distress. Her temperature is 37&C (98.6&F), pulse is 70/min, and blood pressure is 130/88 mm Hg while supine. Examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory studies show:
Serum
A 15-year-old girl comes to the physician because of a 3-month history of acne. Breast and pubic hair development began at the age of 12 years. Menarche occurred at the age of 14 years. Physical examination shows scattered open and closed comedones over the cheeks and forehead. Breast and pubic hair development are Tanner stage 5. Which of the following is the most likely underlying cause of this patient's acne?
A 20-year-old man with a history of intermittent asthma comes to the physician because of a 1-week history of chest tightness, wheezing, malaise, and a cough productive of clear sputum. He does not appear to be in distress. His pulse is 72/min, respirations are 14/min, and blood pressure is 120/70mmHg. Physical examination shows clear tympanic membranes and no exudates in the oral pharynx. Diffuse expiratory wheezes are heard on auscultation. When asked to take a deep breath, the patient coughs with forced expiration. Which of the following substances is most appropriate to treat this patient's cough at this time?
A 62-year-old man comes to the physician for a follow-up examination after he was diagnosed with chronic inflammatory interstitial pneumonitis. Following pulmonary function testing, a biopsy specimen of the affected area of the lungs is obtained. Compared with a healthy man, analysis of this patient's biopsy specimen is most likely to show which of the following patterns of changes in the cell populations of alveoli?
Type I Pneumocytes Type II Pneumocytes Fibroblasts
A 14-year-old girl has had nausea, intermittent diarrhea, and a 2.2-kg (5-lb) weight loss over the past 4 weeks. Examination shows a migrating serpiginous pruritic perianal rash. Her leukocyte count is 8000/mm3 with 20% eosinophils. Which of the following tests is most likely to yield an accurate diagnosis?
A 73-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 2-month history of diffuse weakness and tingling of her arms and legs. Neurologic examination shows weakness of the extensor and flexor muscles of the lower extremities. Knee and ankle deep tendon reflexes are exaggerated. Sensation to vibration and position is decreased in all extremities, but the decrease is more prominent in the lower extremities than in the upper extremities. This patient most likely has a deficiency of which of
the following vitamins?
A 60-year-old woman develops fever and chills 1 week after completing cytotoxic induction chemotherapy for acute myelogenous leukemia. Her temperature is 39&C (102.2&F). Her leukocyte count is 100/mm3 (25% neutrophils and 75% lymphocytes). Physical examination and an x-ray of the chest show no abnormalities. This patient's profound granulocytopenia is most likely to predispose her to infection with which of the following organisms?
A 42-year-old woman comes to the physician because of anxiety, tremor, and a 5-kg (11-lb) weight loss over the past 4 months despite good appetite. Physical examination shows fine thin hair, exophthalmos, goiter, and warm moist skin. Cardiac examination shows tachycardia and a widened pulse pressure. Which of the following sets of laboratory values is most likely in this patient's serum?
Thyroid-stimulating Hormone
A 42-year-old man comes to the physician for a follow-up examination. Four months ago, he underwent repair of a Dupuytren contracture. Physical examination shows decreased range of motion in the affected hand. The patient is upset that his hand has not fully healed, and he files a malpractice suit against the physician. Which of the following is the most likely precipitating factor in this patient's decision to file a malpractice suit?
An investigator is studying the incidence of the common cold among medical students at various time points during the school year. Results show an increased incidence of upper respiratory tract infections among these students during finals week. It is hypothesized that the stress of studying for examinations adversely affects the immune system, making the students more susceptible to infection. Which of the following laboratory findings in these students during examination week
is most
A 28-year-old man comes to the physician because of a 1-year history of pain with urination that has increased in severity during the past month. He also has had episodes of blood in his urine during the past 5 years. He lived in sub-Saharan Africa until he came to the USA 6 months ago for graduate school. His temperature is 38&C (100.4&F), pulse is 80/min, respirations are 16/min, and blood pressure is 110/84 mm Hg. Physical examination shows suprapubic tenderness. Laboratory studies show:
Hemoglobin Hematocrit Leukocyte count