A 6-year-old boy is brought to the physician by his parents because of a 3-day history of fever, headache, and cough productive of a green, foul-smelling discharge that also
exits from his nose. He has had repeated episodes of similar symptoms during the past 4 years. He appears pale and lethargic. His height and weight are both below the 10th
percentile. Coarse rhonchi are heard bilaterally. An x-ray of the chest shows scattered peripheral opacities, dilated and thickened airways consistent with bronchiectasis, and
a cardiac apex that is directed toward the right. The most likely cause of his recurrent infections is a dysfunction of which of the following cell types?

A 4-year-old boy is brought to the physician because of slow growth during the past year. He has had recurrent urinary tract infections since the age of 1 year. He is at the 10th percentile for height and 25th percentile for weight. Physical examination shows pallor. Laboratory studies show a normochromic, normocytic anemia and increased serum concentrations of urea nitrogen and creatinine. Urinalysis shows a low specific gravity. Which of the following sets of additional serum findings is most likely in this patient?
Calcium Inorganic Phosphorus 1,25-Dihydroxycholecalciferol Erythropoietin
A 35-year-old man comes to the physician because of pain and swelling of his right arm where he scraped it on a tree branch 2 days ago. His temperature is 38.3&C (101&F). Examination of the right forearm shows edema around a fluctuant erythematous lesion at the site of trauma. The area is extremely tender to palpation. Which of the following is most likely the primary mechanism of the development of edema in this patient?
A 6-month-old male infant is admitted to the hospital for treatment of bacterial pneumonia. Examination shows absence of B lymphocytes and surface immunoglobulins; there are minimal CD3+ T lymphocytes. An x-ray of the chest shows absence of
the thymic shadow and a right lower lobe infiltrate. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
A 64-year-old man with non-Hodgkin lymphoma comes to the physician because of a 3-week history of progressive numbness in his hands and feet and weakness in his legs when he stands. He received his third course of chemotherapy 4 weeks ago. Physical examination shows areflexia. Which of the following drugs is the most likely cause of these adverse effects?
A 45-year-old man has abnormal circadian variation in body temperature, disruption of the sleep-wake cycle, and an impaired nocturnal surge of secretion of melatonin. An MRI of the brain is most likely to show a lesion involving which of the following nuclei?
Six healthy subjects participate in a study of muscle metabolism during which hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia is induced. Muscle biopsy specimens obtained from the subjects during the resting state show significantly increased concentrations of malonyl-CoA. The increased malonyl-CoA concentration most likely directly inhibits which of the following processes in these subjects?
After being severely beaten and sustaining a gunshot wound to the abdomen, a 42-year-old woman undergoes resection of a perforated small bowel. During the operation, plastic reconstruction of facial fractures, and open reduction and internal fixation of the left femur are also done. Thirty-six hours postoperatively, she is awake but not completely alert. She is receiving intravenous morphine via a patient-controlled pump. She says that she needs the morphine to treat her pain, but she is worried that she is becoming addicted. She has no history of substance use disorder. She drinks one to two glasses of wine weekly. Which of the following initial actions by the physician is most appropriate?
A 42-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department because of double vision that began 20 minutes after she fell from her horse and landed on the left side of her face. Examination of the face shows ecchymoses over the left zygomatic arch. A CT scan of the head is shown. Which of the following arteries is at greatest risk for injury in this patient?
A 17-year-old girl is brought to the physician by her mother because she has not had a menstrual period for 6 months. The patient is unconcerned about the lack of menses. Menarche occurred at the age of 12 years, and menses had occurred at regular 28-day intervals until they became irregular 1 year ago. She is a member of her high school gymnastics team. She appears emaciated. She is 163 cm (5 ft 4 in) tall and weighs 40 kg (88 lb); BMI is 15 kg/m2. Her pulse is 54/min, and blood
pressure is 80/50 mm Hg. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's amenorrhea?
A 26-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department because of an 8-hour history of severe back and abdominal pain and mild but persistent vaginal bleeding. Ultrasonography of the abdomen shows a 2-cm ectopic pregnancy in the ampulla. The ampulla has ruptured into the surrounding tissue. Fluid from this rupture will most likely be found in which of the following locations?
A 30-year-old man is admitted to the hospital for evaluation. He has a 6-week history of colicky abdominal pain and diarrhea with occasional blood. Three days after admission, he suddenly develops peritonitis and sepsis. Despite appropriate care, he dies. At autopsy, examination shows a fibrinous exudate over the peritoneal and serosal surfaces, and a punctate opening is seen in the wall of a thickened loop of small intestine. Several lengths of the small and large intestines are also thickened and adherent to one another, with marked areas of narrowing. Photomicrographs of a section of the colon are shown. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?
A 55-year-old man who is a business executive is admitted to the hospital for evaluation of abdominal pain. He is polite to the physician but berates the nurses and other staff. The patient's wife and two of his three adult children arrive for a visit. The patient says with disgust that the missing child is and always has been worthless. Which of the following is the most likely explanation for this patient's behavior?
A patient being treated with clindamycin for aspiration pneumonia develops diarrhea. The stool contains a toxin that kills cultured epithelial cells. Stool culture grows an anaerobic gram-positive rod. The same organism is cultured from his bedpan.
Which of the following is most likely to sterilize the bedpan?
A 2-year-old boy is brought to the physician for a well-child examination. He was delivered at term after an uncomplicated pregnancy. His birth weight was 3500 g (7 lb 11 oz), and Apgar scores were 8 and 10 at 1 and 5 minutes, respectively. At the age of 15 months, physical examination showed no abnormalities, but he was not yet talking. Both of his parents had learning difficulties in school, and his mother stopped attending after the 10th grade. He has a maternal uncle with cognitive disabilities. He is at the 25th percentile for height, 15th percentile for weight, and 90th percentile for head circumference. He appears irritable, he resists making eye contact, and he is flapping his hands. Which of the following is the most likely cause of this patient's condition?
A 17-year-old boy is brought to the emergency department 30 minutes after being found with a "blank stare" and flat facial expression at a party. His pulse is 72/min, and blood pressure is 104/68 mm Hg. He is sitting upright and appears catatonic. Physical examination shows rigidity. During the examination, he becomes hostile and attempts to assault the physician. This
patient most likely ingested which of the following drugs?
A 52-year-old man with a 15-year history of hypertension, type 1 diabetes mellitus, and hyperlipidemia comes to the physician because of a 2-month history of shortness of breath. He underwent coronary artery bypass grafting 5 years ago. His pulse is 90/min, respirations are 22/min, and blood pressure is 160/86 mm Hg. Jugular venous pressure is 20 cm H2O. There are crackles bilaterally halfway up the chest. Cardiac examination shows a grade 2/6 holosystolic murmur and an S3 gallop at the apex. Which of the following is most likely to be helpful in establishing the most appropriate treatment at this time?
A previously healthy 40-year-old man is brought to the emergency department because of constant substernal chest pain for 12 hours that is exacerbated by coughing and inspiration. The pain is relieved with sitting up and leaning forward. There is no family history of heart disease. His temperature is 38&C (100.4&F), pulse is 120/min, and blood pressure is 110/60 mm Hg. The lungs are clear to auscultation. Cardiac examination shows distant heart sounds. An ECG shows diffuse ST-segment elevation in all leads. An x-ray of the chest shows normal findings. The most likely cause of his condition is injury to which of the following tissues?
A 20-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 5-year history of heavy bleeding with menses that often requires her to change her sanitary pads three times hourly. Menses occur at regular 28-day intervals. She recently sustained a minor cut to her finger, and the bleeding took longer to stop than usual. She has not had easy bruising or change in weight. She only takes an oral contraceptive, but she has not been sexually active for the past 6 months. Her temperature is 37.5&C (99.5&F), pulse is 72/min, respirations are 12/min, and blood pressure is 120/66 mm Hg. Physical examination shows mildly pale conjunctivae. Pelvic examination shows no abnormalities. Laboratory studies show: