A 14-year-old girl with a 9-year history of type 1 diabetes mellitus is brought to the physician by her mother for a follow-up examination. She has been admitted to the hospital
twice in the past 3 months because of diabetic ketoacidosis. She previously had been compliant with monitoring her blood glucose concentration and with her diet and insulin regimen.
She acknowledges that, when she is with her peers, she eats whatever she wants and does not check her blood glucose concentration. She adds, "I'm embarrassed to inject myself in
front of them." The physician is having a great deal of difficulty with her 15-year-old son who has been truant from school and sneaking out of the house. She says to the patient,
"You should be ashamed for not taking care of yourself. We've all worked so hard to keep you healthy." Which of the following terms best describes the physician's reaction to the
patient?

A sexually active 23-year-old man with multiple sex partners has dysuria and a yellow urethral exudate. Gram stain of the exudate shows numerous neutrophils, many that contain
intracellular gram-negative diplococci. He has had three similar episodes of urethritis over the past 2 years. Which of the following properties of the infecting organism best
explains the reinfection?

A 40-year-old woman receives an intravenous infusion of drug X that selectively constricts the efferent arterioles in her kidneys. Following the infusion, total cardiac output
and renal afferent arteriolar tone are unchanged, but renal efferent arteriolar tone and total renal vascular resistance have both increased. Which of the following sets of changes
most likely occurred following the infusion of drug X?

A 23-year-old woman comes to the physician for genetic counseling prior to conception. Her brother and maternal uncle had Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) and died at the ages of 28
and 17 years, respectively. Genetic analysis was not performed on either relative prior to death. Serum studies show a muscle creatine kinase concentration of 120 U/L (N=22# 198).
The patient's 50-year-old mother has a serum muscle creatine kinase concentration of 300 U/L. Which of the following is the most appropriate assessment of this patient's carrier
status for this disease?

A 45-year-old man comes to the physician because of right shoulder pain that began after he chopped wood 2 days ago. Examination of the right upper extremity shows no obvious bone
deformities or point tenderness. The pain is reproduced when the patient is asked to externally rotate the shoulder against resistance; there is no weakness. In addition to the teres
 minor, inflammation of which of the following tendons is most likely in this patient?

A 39-year-old woman with a 1-month history of itching, watery eyes, nasal congestion, runny nose, and sneezing undergoes hypersensitivity testing. During the test, allergens are
introduced by pricking the skin with lancets coated with pollen and grass extracts. Within 30 minutes, a visible reddening reaction of the skin occurs at the sites of allergen
introduction. Which of the following most likely initiates the inflammatory response to these allergens in this patient?

A 26-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by ambulance 30 minutes after being shot in the leg. He is unconscious and appears markedly pale. His pulse is 120/min,
respirations are 16/min, and blood pressure is 80/60 mm Hg. Compared with a healthy adult, which of the following findings is most likely in this patient?

A 1-day-old newborn is evaluated for possible sepsis. Blood cultures grow gram-positive cocci in pairs and chains that agglutinate with group B antiserum. The most likely
epidemiologic risk factor for this infection involves bacterial colonization of which of the following?

A 14-year-old boy is brought to the physician because of a 2-day history of a sore throat and fever that peaks in the late afternoon. He also has a 1-week history of progressive
fatigue. He recently began having unprotected sexual intercourse with one partner. He appears ill. His temperature is 39&C (102.2&F). Physical examination shows cervical
lymphadenopathy and pharyngeal erythema with a creamy exudate. Which of the following is the most likely diagnosis?

A 50-year-old man comes to the physician because of a persistent cough for the past 2 months. He has had a 5-kg (11-lb) weight loss during this period. He is a poultry farmer.
Current medications include atenolol, enalapril, hydrochlorothiazide, and omeprazole for hypertension and gastroesophageal reflux. Physical examination shows no other abnormalities.
Laboratory studies show histoplasmosis infection. Itraconazole therapy is initiated and omeprazole is discontinued. Which of
the following best describes the reason for removing omeprazole from this patient's medication regimen?

A 25-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 10-year history of frequent occurrences of fever blisters. Physical examination shows perioral vesicles. Microscopic
examination of culture of scrapings from three vesicles shows herpes simplex virus 1. Which of the following patterns in the figure shown was most likely observed when the viral DNA
from the cultures was examined by restriction enzyme analysis on polyacrylamide gels?

An investigator is studying the effect of parathyroid hormone (PTH) in experimental animals. During an 8-hour period, Animal X is infused with PTH and Animal Y is infused with
5% dextrose in water. Which of the following sets of findings best describes the most likely serum concentrations in Animal X compared with Animal Y at the end of the infusion?

A study of a new antihypertensive drug is being conducted in experimental animals. It is found that one of its pharmacologic effects is a decrease in plasma renin activity and serum
angiotensin II concentration. A possible mechanism of action that would produce this effect is blockade of which of the following?

A 19-year-old man is brought to the emergency department because of a 12-hour history of severe headache and double vision. He underwent extraction of all four third molars 1 week
ago. Ophthalmologic examination shows exophthalmos on the right and weakness with abduction of the right eye. Further studies confirm the diagnosis of cavernous sinus thrombosis. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the diplopia in this patient?

A 44-year-old man is brought to the emergency department because of a 2-day history of severe headache and blurred vision. His blood pressure is 185/95 mm Hg. Physical examination
shows no other abnormalities. His plasma renin activity is 210 $U/mL (N=5#97). Losartan therapy is initiated. Which of the following sets of findings is most likely in this patient
after 28 days of treatment?

A 31-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 2-week history of malaise, nausea, vomiting, and decreased appetite. She is a known user of intravenous heroin. She appears
chronically ill. She is 165 cm (5 ft 5 in) tall and weighs 47 kg (103 lb); BMI is 17 kg/m2. Her temperature is 36.7&C (98.1&F), pulse is 90/min, respirations are 18/min, and blood
pressure is 114/68 mm Hg. Physical examination shows scleral icterus and a liver span of 16 cm. The spleen is not palpable. Serum studies show:

A 62-year-old woman comes to the physician because of low back pain for 1 week. Menopause occurred 10 years ago. Physical examination shows localized tenderness over the lumbar spine
after movement. X-rays of the spine show a compression fracture of L1-2. A DEXA scan shows decreased bone mineral density. Serum calcium and phosphorus concentrations and serum
alkaline phosphatase activity are within the reference ranges. A bisphosphonate drug is prescribed. The expected beneficial effect of this drug is most likely due to which of the
following actions?

A 22-year-old woman contacts a medical student and asks if he would like to join her for dinner. The student met the woman when he was assigned to her care during her 2-week
hospitalization for treatment of major depressive disorder. He has not treated or seen the patient since she was discharged from the hospital. He is attracted to this former
patient and would be interested in dating her. Which of the following is the most appropriate action by the medical student regarding this patient's invitation?

A 26-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department 3 hours after ingesting approximately 50 tablets of aspirin in a suicide attempt. She is nauseated, confused, and
sleepy. Her pulse is 130/min, respirations are 30/min, and blood pressure is 100/60 mm Hg. Which of the following sets of laboratory values is most likely on evaluation of blood
obtained before treatment?

A 32-year-old woman with rheumatoid arthritis comes to the physician for a follow-up examination. Six months ago, she began treatment with a drug that blocks tumor necrosis factor.
She says that initially her symptoms improved, but her joint pain has increased during the past 3 weeks. Physical examination shows swollen, tender, stiff joints in the hands and
knees. Which of the following is the most likely cause of the loss of drug efficacy in this patient?