An otherwise healthy 45-year-old man comes to the physician because of a 3-week history of progressive epigastric heartburn and a 4.5-kg (10-lb) weight loss. The pain tends to be
more severe at night and occurs 1 to 3 hours after meals during the day. He has had similar episodes with lesser intensity during the past year. Abdominal examination shows
tenderness to deep palpation. Test of the stool for occult blood is positive. Endoscopy shows a bleeding 3-cm ulcer in the antrum of the stomach. A photomicrograph of Steiner
silver-stained tissue (400x) from a biopsy of the gastric mucosa adjacent to the ulcer is shown. Which of the following processes is most likely to be involved?

A new blood test to detect prostate cancer is evaluated in 300 male volunteers. A needle biopsy of the prostate gland is done on all men with serum prostate-specific antigen
concentrations greater than 5 ng/mL (N<4). One hundred men undergo biopsy procedures; 90 are found to have prostate cancer, and five are found to have chronic prostatitis. Which
of the following is necessary to calculate the sensitivity of this test?

A 64-year-old man comes to the physician because of swelling in his feet for the past 2 years. He says that his skin is dry and itchy and his feet "feel heavy." One of his legs
is shown. Which of the following is the most likely cause of his condition?

A 32-year-old woman with HIV infection is brought to the emergency department 15 minutes after she had a generalized tonic-clonic seizure. She has a 1-day history of right-sided
weakness. Her temperature is 38.5&C (101.3&F). Muscle strength is 4/5 in the right upper extremities and 4/5 in the right lower extremity. Laboratory studies show a positive
anti-Toxoplasma IgG and positive anti-cytomegalovirus IgG. Her CD4+ T-lymphocyte count is 32/mm3 (N≥500), and plasma HIV viral load is 84,000 copies/mL. A gadolinium-enhanced
MRI of the brain shows multiple ring-enhancing lesions. Infection with which of the following agents is the most likely cause of the findings in this patient?

A previously healthy 27-year-old man is brought to the emergency department 30 minutes after sustaining stab wounds to the right side of his neck and arm. He has lost approximately
1000 mL of blood. His pulse is 110/min, respirations are 22/min, and blood pressure is 95/65 mm Hg. Physical examination shows lacerations of the right side of the neck and right
upper extremity. Which of the following responses by the kidneys is most likely?

A 57-year-old man receives radiation therapy for a squamous cell carcinoma of the lung. Despite therapy, the tumor progressively increases in size, and he dies 6 months later. His
tumor cells contain a point mutation in the p53 gene (TP53), leading to an inactive gene product. Based on this finding, the progressive tumor growth despite irradiation therapy is
most likely to be related to a defect in cell cycle arrest in which of the following phases of the cell cycle?

A male stillborn is delivered at 32 weeks' gestation to a 30-year-old woman. The pregnancy was complicated by oligohydramnios. Examination of the stillborn shows the absence of a
urethral opening. Which of the following additional findings is most likely in this stillborn?

A 36-year-old man with profound intellectual disability is brought to the physician by staff at his facility because of increasing abdominal girth during the past 2 weeks. He is
unable to speak, and no medical history is currently available. Physical examination shows a protuberant abdomen with a fluid wave and shifting dullness. There are no signs of
trauma to the area. Laboratory studies show no abnormalities. A CT scan of the abdomen is shown. Fluid is present in which of the following areas as indicated by the arrow?

A 59-year-old woman comes to the physician because of yellow skin for 5 days. Physical examination shows jaundice. There is mild epigastric tenderness on deep palpation. Serum
studies show:

A CT scan of the abdomen shows a 3-cm mass at the head of the pancreas. Examination of material from the mass obtained by fine-needle aspiration shows numerous anaplastic cells.
These cells most likely originated from which of the following components of the pancreas?

A full-term female newborn is examined shortly after birth. She appears to be small for gestational age, and she has excess skin on the nape of the neck and lymphedema of the hands
and feet. Chromosomal analysis shows some cells with a normal 46,XY karyotype and some cells with a 45,X karyotype. Which of the following mechanisms best explains this cytogenetic
abnormality?

A 49-year-old woman comes to the physician for a follow-up examination. She has a strong family history of coronary artery disease. Her blood pressure has ranged from 150/95 mm Hg
to 130/85 mm Hg during the previous three visits within the past 2 months. Her blood pressure today is 140/90 mm Hg. Physical examination shows no other abnormalities. Laboratory
studies show:

A 12-year-old boy is brought to the physician by his father because of redness and swelling of his left foot for 24 hours. Three days ago, the boy scraped his foot while wading in
a drainage ditch. Examination of the left foot shows a purulent abrasion with edema, erythema, and tenderness on the lateral side. Infection is most likely to next spread from the
lateral side of the foot to the regional lymph nodes in which of the following areas?

A 6-day-old breast-fed boy is brought to the emergency department by his mother because of poor weight gain and irritability since delivery, and a 2-hour history of vomiting.
Physical examination shows jaundice and hepatomegaly. A reducing substance test result of the urine is positive, and a glucose oxidase test result is negative. The concentration
of which of the following metabolites in liver is most likely increased in this patient?

A randomized clinical trial is conducted to assess whether statin use decreases mortality due to myocardial infarction (MI). A total of 2000 participants are enrolled: 1000
participants receive treatment with statins, and 1000 participants receive placebo. Participants are followed for an average of 5 years. Results are shown:

A 68-year-old woman has the sudden onset of weakness in her right arm and leg. She can speak, but her words are not enunciated clearly. Neurologic examination 6 weeks later
shows an extensor plantar reflex on the right. When she is asked to protrude her tongue, it deviates to the left, and the muscle in the left side of the tongue shows considerable
atrophy. Which of the following labeled areas in the transverse sections of the brain stem is most likely damaged?

A placebo-controlled clinical trial is conducted to assess whether a new antihypertensive drug is more effective than standard therapy. A total of 5000 patients with essential
hypertension are enrolled and randomly assigned to one of two groups: 2500 patients receive the new drug and 2500 patients receive placebo. If the alpha is set at 0.01 instead
of 0.05, which of the following is the most likely result?

A 32-year-old woman and 31-year-old man come to the physician for preconceptional counseling. The man's brother recently started dialysis for polycystic kidney disease at age
42 years. Analysis of the man's urine shows 2+ blood and 10- 20 RBC/hpf. Ultrasonography shows multiple cysts in both kidneys. Which of the following best represents the
likelihood that this couple will have a child who will develop polycystic kidney disease?

An investigator is studying the effect of the number of hours watching television (Factor A) on the percent of hemoglobin A1c in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Two
different variables, Factor A and hemoglobin A1c, are compared. The results of the study indicate a correlation coefficient of +0.9. Which of the following graphs shown best
corresponds to these results?

A 35-year-old man who works at a facility processing highly radioactive substances accidentally receives a high, whole-body dose of ionizing radiation estimated to be 1500
rads (15 gray). He dies 1 week later. At autopsy, histologic examination of the skin shows scattered, individual epidermal cells with shrunken, markedly eosinophilic cytoplasm
and pyknotic, fragmented nuclei. These morphologic changes most likely indicate which of the following processes?

A 47-year-old woman comes to the emergency department because of a 2-week history of intermittent abdominal pain, nausea, and vomiting. She has had similar episodes sporadically
during the past 4 years. Physical examination shows dehydration, jaundice, and upper abdominal distention. Laboratory studies show hyperbilirubinemia. A CT scan and upper
gastrointestinal series of the abdomen with oral contrast are shown; the arrows indicate the abnormality. Which of the following is the most likely cause of these findings?