Over 1 year, a study is conducted to assess the antileukemic activity of a new tyrosine kinase inhibitor in patients with chronic myeloid leukemia in blast crisis.

A 63-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 2-week history of fatigue, malaise, nausea and vomiting, and decreased appetite; these symptoms have worsened during the past week.

A 59-year-old man is brought to the emergency department because of a 4-day history of nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea.

An 84-year-old woman who resides in an assisted living facility is brought to the emergency department because of fever and cough for 1 week. The cough has been productive of foul-smelling, yellow-green sputum for 24 hours. She has a 2-year history of dementia, Alzheimer type.

A 63-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 2-week history of fatigue, malaise, nausea and vomiting, and decreased appetite; these symptoms have worsened during the past week. She was diagnosed with tuberculosis 3 months ago;

A 45-year-old man comes to the physician because of right shoulder pain that began after he chopped wood 2 days ago.

A 26-year-old man is brought to the emergency department by ambulance 30 minutes after being shot in the leg.

A 14-year-old boy is brought to the physician because of a 2-day history of a sore throat and fever that peaks in the late afternoon.

A 25-year-old woman comes to the physician because of a 10-year history of frequent occurrences of fever blisters.

A 19-year-old man is brought to the emergency department because of a 12-hour history of severe headache and double vision. He underwent extraction of all four third molars 1 week ago.

Which of the following sets of findings is most likely in this patient after 28 days of treatment?

A 62-year-old woman comes to the physician because of low back pain for 1 week. Menopause occurred 10 years ago.

A 26-year-old woman is brought to the emergency department 3 hours after ingesting approximately 50 tablets of aspirin in a suicide attempt.